I would like to get some idea of the versions of Java that students in
IS 247 are using. Thus, in this assignment, you will write to code tell
me exactly that.

Consider the class java.lang.System. You have used this class, e.g.,
with System.out.print() and System.out.println(). The System class
allows a program to learn certain things about it's environment. For
example, most systems use a slash to separate components in a path name,
but Windows uses backslash. It would be nice for a program to see which
is correct (dirty little secret: in Windows, it's okay, arguably
preferable, to use a slash, not a backslash).

So how does a program learn the correct separator? The following line of
code will produce it:

  final String sep = System.getProperty("file.separator");

There are a few other useful pieces of information that can be
gleaned. Here is a short program:


public class Ex0 {
  public static void main(String[] args) {
    System.out.println("file.encoding: "
                       + System.getProperty("file.encoding"));
    System.out.println("file.separator: "
                       + System.getProperty("file.separator"));
    System.out.println("os.name: "
                       + System.getProperty("os.name"));
    System.out.println("user.country: "
                       + System.getProperty("user.country"));
    System.out.println("user.language: "
                       + System.getProperty("user.language"));
  } // main()
} // class Ex0

The program output, when run in my office, looks like this:

> java Ex0
file.encoding: UTF-8
file.separator: /
os.name: Linux
user.country: US
user.language: en

For this assignment, I want you to do something similar, except I am
interested in the following properties:

java.runtime.version, java.specification.version,
java.vm.specification.version, and java.version.

I also don't want you to use a string of println statements like in the
example. Instead, place the property names in an array, loop over the
items in the array, and for each output the name of the property and the
value of the property.